I'll see who dares to touch him tonight
everyone
Tonight turned out to be the prestigious Golden Dragon Award
Why get angry?
These are some small ones I have prepared for you.
Gifts to everyone tonight
To be able to get what you want
As expected of Mr. Yue
Just shoot casually
Such a precious gift
Isn't this a diamond necklace designed by Mr. Yue himself?
It's still the latest model this year.
Isn't that a piece of cake for menstruation?
Thank you Mr. Yue
Just like it.
Let that kid go in advance
This is Yue Xiaorou, president of Yue's Group
The only leader of Blue Snow Tripod Master in Great Xia
New products every year are hard to find
If you can get in touch with him
Get the endorsement
Your position in the entertainment industry in the future
It's a leap to the sky
So powerful
That's as long as you get the endorsement
Your worth is immeasurable
Endorsement fee is free
The gift given by Mr. Yue is too delicate, right?
As expected of VM
You know design.
Of course not, you understand.
However, the design of the total month appears
These moments are dim on us
Are you so blind?
You can also see the ingenuity of my design
What do you mean?
Do you know who is sitting there?